chore(docs): move modules to components (#5462)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/major-bats-bake.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> Moved modules elements to the components folder in the code to reflect the structure in storybook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moved header and footer documentation pages to the components folder.
```
